hi you Walter
yeah hi Heidi
it's April 10th 2018 this is Heidi
Bergman I'm with homecoming client
Walter Cruz week one session one I'm
Thomas crass go with the dod IG the what
the Department of Defense you were
employed at the homecoming transitional
support center oh yes how many years ago
did you work at homecoming I don't know
maybe four
okay Walter Cruz 26 years old three
tours you got here one Friday yeah and
you acknowledge that your participation
in the homecoming initiative is
voluntary and uncoerced yeah yes
quit the job in Tampa cuz your mom got
hurt now you work here at this
restaurant with them in their own
voluntarily I don't remember what about
the name Walter Cruz you [ __ ] nut
you'll interrupt
and the Schreyer apologize we picked up
the old guy and told me just got back
and it turns out he was in the Navy so
it was basically cool I mean he was
wrong he knows it
we're in Florida again help that's all
there is to it hi Collin can he hold on
just a second we're done get your [ __ ]
out of my bathroom in your [ __ ] Forks
no Schreyer has ramped up to leak four
dosage so taking him off the medication
you know that withdraws could be serious
panic attacks hallucinations what no
doubling the doses what's your feeling
on that uh vivid I think we would run
the risk of seriously over medicating
the clients I mean VA near there are
bases no no I'm a waitress now I'm
joking you could hear Joe I'm the only
thing you cared about
now I don't what do you eat I explain
you what happened with Schreyer it was
mostly mental you did yes so where is he
where did they take him
nobody took him anywhere he's back look
you don't have to do that okay you think
I'm trying to speak with someone about
homecoming it was a DoD subcontract so
that program is no longer operational
right Heidi Bergman no but was
discharged for violent misconduct the
same day Bergman was hospitalized okay
we are using a medication to delete the
harmful responses to the traumatic
memories good and you're on board with
that yes of course I'm sorry I just want
you to come home
he's had a week for dosage Heidi if he
quits US Mint at this point he's gonna
go into a stall
hi Colin its Heidi I just wanted to let
you know we had an unexpected visitor
here today but I managed the situation
and everything is is fine okay Bru's is
five he's been doing great we had
identified a specific incident a friend
of his who died and we reviewed that
last week and this week it's gone : sure
yes yes that's great he's even lost
unrelated memories for months before the
incident yeah okay so we'll just we will
tweak the medication that's a serious
serious problem with other clients are
having the same experience he said he
felt great well there you go the facts
of what you're telling me are what guy
goes off and has a bunch of awful
experiences guy comes back gets treated
and now he feels better so I'm going to
deploy these guys and way sooner than we
thought
[Music]
played him yes they are mean what what
do you think we're doing here preparing
them for civilian life but Walter he
doesn't want that how do you know that
he told me and I'm promised
[Music]
I know you I can't imagine what you're
feeling right now the memories the guilt
you were right
ready Bo what about me I wrote the book
I ran the program the dosing look I
don't know I've never even stepped foot
here okay I don't I don't know she's
quit everything you say everything about
you is [ __ ] okay just calm down
you have made me say take it easy hey
they told me about my deployment how do
you feel about that
good yeah no I'm excited actually I
think so I may be able to come
what is this yoky Tuesday's Italian day
yeah sure
and so you'll you'll be elevating this
to the inspector general yes executive
how can I help you hi this is Pam Bailey
at the DoD I have a situation here
somewhat urgent you ate the food the
[ __ ] medic at the same doses him a
week six of it and then you forced her a
second meal on Walter Cruz who'd already
had his full dose yes how could we
deploy him like that I guess we can't
you're right I told you he doesn't want
to go back I'm coming down there and I'm
gonna screw your [ __ ] cat out
straight you hear me I won't be here
what mr. Geist and I discussed all of
that if you take responsibility for your
actions that would mean a lot to him it
could affect your future here and this
isn't solution
[Applause]
[Music]
what have you done to her a target
memory something they did to see if the
memories were deleted that was your job
just so that you could send them back is
everything all right
yeah driving around and I saw this
little place for sale cabin yeah I look
pretty good so I stayed it's nice
talking to you
good luck
[Music]
thank you
you